Programming environment for ARM using FPGAChetan Mittal, Junior Undergraduate, IIT Delhi1    IntroductionThis is an implementation of the ARM processor.  An ARM processor is one ofa family of CPUs based on the RISC (reduced instruction set computer) archi-tecture  developed  by  Advanced  RISC  Machines  (ARM).  The  implementationmay be used to execute basic ARM instructions and comes with the ability tointegrate a keyboard and monitor.2    Getting Started2.1    Requirements:•Basys 3 Artix-7 FPGA•PC with a serial terminal (eg.  Teraterm)2.2    InstallationHere is a step by step plan on how to install the Programming Environment.  Itwill get you to a point of having a local running instance.1. Install Vivado Design Suite (v2016.4 or greater) : https://www.xilinx.com/products/design-tools/vivado.html2. Clone the git repositoryhttps://github.com/CodeOx/ARMComputer.gitto a suitable location3.  Install a serial terminal eg.  Teraterm (recommended), PuttyOnce all the dependencies have been installed, begin by connecting your FPGAto the PC and open the Vivado Design suite to load the bitfile to the FPGA(present inside the bitfile directory).  To do this, open Flow ->open HardwareManager inside the Vivado Design Suite, connect to the FPGA and then Pro-gram Device using the given bitfile.After the bitfile has been loaded, open the serial terminal (TeraTerm) and followthe Teraterm setup instructions :1.  Open a new connection to the serial port1
2.  open Setup ->Terminal and set receive to Auto, baud rate to 9600After  this,  press  the  start  button  on  FPGA,  the  topmost  button  of  the  fivecircular buttons.  This will start the inbuilt OS, showing the available optionson the terminal.  Enter the required option to continue.To  program,  enter  1,  goto  File  ->sendfile  and  select  the  binary  file  contain-ing the ARM code.  Ensure that the binay file checkbox is checked.  This willload the program in the instruction memory.  Enter 2 to execute the program.You can exit by pressing ’q’.A sample ARM program, helloUser, is available in theUserProg directory fortesting.